Configuring the segments of the URL path under which the
resources of a JpaRepository are exported is simple.
You just add an annotation at the class level, and/or at the query method level.
In this case, we are configuring the REST URL path to be bug.
So for this repository,
Spring Data REST exposes a collection of resources
at http://localhost:8080/bug/.
Using our previous example of bug, if you have query methods defined,
those also default to be exposed by their name.
So when we add the appropriate annotation,
this search method will be exposed as
http://localhost:8080/bug/search/findByAppId.
We will talk about how searching works later,
but just know at this point that all query method resources
are exposed under the resource search.
To change the segment of the URL under which this query method is exposed,
use the @RestResource annotation.
So here we are customizing it to be apps.
So it will be exposed as http://localhost:8080/bug/search/apps.
You may not want a certain repository, query method on a repository,
or a field of your entity to be exposed at all.
To tell the exporter to not export these items,
annotate them with either @RepositoryRestResource set exported to false,
or @RestResource and set exported to false.
So at the repository level, you use @RepositoryRestResource,
and at the method or field level, you use @RestResource.
If you don't want to expose a save or deleted method on your CrudRepository,
you can override and use the @RestResource annotation,
and set exported to false,
and override the method you want to turn off to prevent HTTP users
from invoking the delete methods of a CrudRepository,
override all of them and add the annotation to the overridden methods.
It is important that you override both delete methods,
as the exporter currently uses a somewhat naïve algorithm
for determining which CRUD method to use in the interest of faster runtime performance.